hello the epic videos and today we're
playing pics / free do you like to play
this is a very special one this is a
12-11 subscribers on my channel right
Fred yes and I'm also dry my left random
different Walter you left I saw you
before ok no it's not the only people do
so yeah today we're playing yeah we're
going to go to multiplayer corporative
time for volume look oh ok every I'm
we're gonna pick sky islands that's the
Bible so what is good island metal for
clicking if I clicked it sky island
um stampylongnose sorry
quickly get
we well the best go about it like you
can live the life of shooting right
Brennan yep in no way does nobody say
hey your old to be playing with that
game and Wonder blunder game of that
stuff come on yeah good idea what the
heck Bobby what bike oh man somebody can
lose an anti blaster anti-gravity laughs
I meant that's weird I'm gonna change my
back oh I have to
yeah somebody like pushing me with an
antigravity do like one of them's really
good zombie on the ground like 10
looking at the ground then he's a
lightly started shooting okay wait wait
so rabbit wonder girl it's a nice cat
king of darkness what is this going cat
yeah we oh okay you ever get the same
but oh wait we forgot to give a shout
out to the people who take them that OIC
team the CRCT well we're about to shake
Brendan we forgot to say okay we forgot
to say this guy you want to say good
luck for all your third and fourth and
fifth graders on CL CT test also for
fitting for six and up we will like this
you or like the whole good luck on the
horse ET test wait your ex isn't right
really sure so yeah you're gonna wish
you a really good luck on epic videos
right Brendan
right yeah sometimes you can't open on
spider me your bed later ready we forgot
to say like good luck to all the people
who are taking CRP Zetas in 20 RCT just
looks like i said if you like this tree
pollution guys listen Lee don't know hey
cat by the way that's how I felt cat
yeah again I'm killing the fat man guy
but we can get him dried up this is it
surprise attack yay coming so that wish
to the world oh no out oh you should
like I wish to die and rip me
hey guys we're just gonna toughen up
we're gonna talk to you about something
so on we so I'm just going to stay
silent so what we like to say Brandon
and the first one is it hey that's
pretty funny thing nobody making new I'm
new we we all die enemies do you get us
some death yeah I'm gonna try to
get about you are going to them yep I
used to rule the world and socks yeah
shot what it does for everybody else to
go skeleton sure Billy shot
here ok ok now we're doing space station
Bob and actually in Burgundy we're gonna
go to the episode